# password_generator
A random password generation app created using HTML, JS, and CSS

This is a random password generator that gives the user a unique set of characters to use as a password in combination with any of their login credentials. 

This generator works by starting a generatePassword(); function upon click of the "Generate Password" button.

The generatePassword(); function begins the process of ascertaining the parameters of the random password by prompting the user to enter the length of their password.  The value entered by the user becomes the length of what will be the password array.  

The user is then prompted to select either lower case characters, upper case characters, or both cases in their password.  By entering a value of 1 for lower case, 2 for upper case, or 3 for both.  Additionally, the user is then prompted to select either numeric characters, special characters, or both cases in their password.  By entering a value of 1 for numbers, 2 for special characters, or 3 for both.  There are arrays set at the top of the .js file with all lower case letters, upper case letters, numbers (0 - 9), and special characters.  These arrays will be compiled together into a new array, selectedArray, after they are selected by the user. 

The password is generated by a for loop that iterates over the specified length of the password. It pulls a character from the selectedArrayat a random index value and pushes it to the empty password array.  The password array is then joined into a single string value which replaces the default "Your Secure Password" text in the text area.  The user is able to then copy and paste that text as they please. 



